Document Hunspell hot-reload and ref_path refactor for 3.7 (#12486)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _im-plugin/refresh-analyzer.md

  }
}
```

## Query parameters

The following table lists the supported query parameters.

Parameter | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---

> `reload_cached_resources` | Boolean | When set to `true`, in-place reloads cached resources for token filters that load files from disk (for example, the [`hunspell`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/analyzers/token-filters/hunspell/) filter's dictionary files). When `false` (the default), analyzer factories are rebuilt but cached resources are reused. **Introduced 3.7.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`reload_cached_resources` | Boolean | When set to `true`, reloads cached resources from disk without rebuilding caches for token filters that load files from disk (for example, the [`hunspell`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/analyzers/token-filters/hunspell/) filter's dictionary files). When `false` (the default), analyzer factories are rebuilt but cached resources are reused.
```
